federalist 42 the powers conferred by
the constitution further considered
from the new york packet tuesday january
22nd
1788 madison to the people of the state
of new york
the second class of powers lodged in the
general government
consists of those which regulate the
intercourse with foreign nations
to it to make treaties to send and
receive ambassadors
other public ministers and consuls to
define and punish piracies and felonies
committed on the high seas
and offenses against the law of nations
to regulate foreign commerce
including a power to prohibit after the
year 1808 the importation of slaves
and to lay an intermediate duty of ten
dollars per head as a discouragement to
such importations
this class of powers forms an obvious
and essential branch of the federal
administration
if we were to be one nation in any
respect it clearly ought to be in
respect to other nations
the powers to make treaties and to send
and receive ambassadors
speak their own propriety both of them
are comprised in the articles of
confederation with this difference only
that the former is disembarrassed by the
plan of the convention of an exception
under which treaties might be
substantially frustrated by regulations
of the states
and that the power of appointing and
receiving other public ministers and
consuls
is expressly and very properly added to
the former provision concerning
ambassadors
the term ambassador if taken strictly as
seems to be required by the second of
the articles of confederation
comprehends the highest grade only of
public ministers and excludes the grades
which the united states will be most
likely to prefer
where foreign embassies may be necessary
and under no latitude of construction
will the term comprehend consuls
yet it has been found expedient and has
been the practice of congress to employ
the inferior grades of public ministers
and to send and receive consuls
it is true that where treaties of
commerce stipulate for the mutual
appointment of consoles whose functions
are connected with commerce the
admission of foreign consuls may fall
within the power of making commercial
treaties
and that where no such treaties exist
the mission of american consuls into
foreign countries may perhaps be covered
under the authority given by the ninth
article of the confederation to appoint
all such civil officers as may be
necessary for managing the general
affairs of the united states
but the admission of consuls into the
united states where no previous treaty
has stipulated it seems to have been
nowhere provided for
a supply of the omission is one of the
lesser instances in which the convention
have improved on the model before them
but the most minute provisions become
important when they tend to obviate the
necessity or the pretext for gradual and
unobserved usurpations of power a list
of the cases in which congress have been
betrayed or forced by the defects of the
confederation into violations of their
chartered authorities would not a little
surprise those who have paid no
attention to the subject and would be no
inconsiderable argument in favor of the
new constitution which seems to have
provided no less studiously for the
lesser than the more obvious and
striking defects of the old
the power to define and punish piracy
and felonies committed on the high seas
and offenses against the law of nations
belongs with equal propriety to the
general government and is a still
greater improvement on the articles of
confederation
these articles contain no provision for
the case of offenses against the law of
nations and consequently leave it in the
power of any indiscreet member to
embroil the confederacy with foreign
nations
the provision of the federal articles on
the subject of piracies and felonies
extends no further than to the
establishment of courts for the trial of
these offences
the definition of piracies might perhaps
without inconveniency be left to the law
of nations
though a legislative definition of them
is found in most municipal codes
a definition of felonies on the high
seas is evidently requisite
felony is a term of loose signification
even in the common law of england
and a various import in the statute law
of that kingdom
but neither the common nor the statute
law of that or of any other nation
ought to be a standard for the
proceedings of this unless previously
made its own by legislative adoption
the meaning of the term as defined in
the codes of the several states
would be as impracticable as the former
would be a dishonorable and illegitimate
guide
it is not precisely the same in any two
of the states and varies in each with
every revision of its criminal laws
for the sake of certainty and uniformity
therefore the power of defining felonies
in this case was in every respect
necessary and proper
the regulation of foreign commerce
having fallen within several views which
have been taken of this subject
has been too fully discussed to need
additional proofs here of its being
properly submitted to the federal
administration
it were doubtless to be wished that the
power of prohibiting the importation of
slaves had not been postponed until the
year 1808
or rather that it had been suffered to
have immediate operation
but it is not difficult to account
either for this restriction on the
general government or for the manner in
which the whole clause is expressed
it ought to be considered as a great
point gained in favor of humanity
that a period of 20 years may terminate
forever within these states a traffic
which has so long and so loudly upgraded
the barbarism of modern policy
that within that period it will receive
a considerable discouragement from the
federal government
and may be totally abolished by a
concurrence of the few states which
continue the unnatural traffic
in the prohibitory example which has
been given by so great a majority of the
union
happy would it be for the unfortunate
africans if an equal prospect lay before
them of being redeemed from the
oppressions of their european brethren
attempts have been made to pervert this
clause into an objection against the
constitution by representing it on one
side as a criminal toleration of an
illicit practice
and on another as calculated to prevent
voluntary and beneficial emigrations
from europe to america
i mention these misconstructions not
with a view to give them an answer
for they deserve none but as specimens
of the manner and spirit in which some
have thought fit to conduct their
opposition to the proposed government
the powers included in the third class
are those which provide for the harmony
and proper intercourse among the states
under this head might be included the
particular restraints imposed on the
authority of the states
and certain powers of the judicial
department for the former are reserved
for a distinct class
and the latter will be particularly
examined when we arrive at the structure
and organization of the government
i shall confine myself to a cursory
review of the remaining powers
comprehended under this third
description
to it to regulate commerce among the
several states and the indian tribes
to coin money regulate the value thereof
and of foreign coin
to provide for the punishment of
counterfeiting the current coin and
securities of the united states
to fix the standard of weights and
measures to establish a uniform rule of
naturalization and uniform laws of
bankruptcy
to prescribe the manner in which the
public acts records and judicial
proceedings of each state shall be
proved
and the effect they shall have in other
states and to establish post
offices and post roads the defect of
power in the existing confederacy to
regulate the commerce between its
several members
is in the number of those which have
been clearly pointed out by experience
to the proofs and remarks which former
papers have brought into view on this
subject
it may be added that without this
supplemental provision the great and
essential power of regulating foreign
commerce would have been incomplete and
ineffectual
a very material object of this power was
the relief of the states which
import and export through other states
from the improper contributions levied
on them by the latter
were these at liberty to regulate the
trade between state and state
it must be foreseen that ways would be
found out to load the articles of
import and export during the passage
through their jurisdiction with duties
which would fall on the makers of the
latter
and the consumers of the former we may
be assured by past
experience that such a practice would be
introduced by future contrivances
and both by that and a common knowledge
of human affairs that it would
nourish unceasing animosities and not
improbably terminate in serious
interruptions of the public tranquility
to those who do not view the question
through the medium of passion or of
interest
the desire of the commercial states to
collect in any form and indirect revenue
from their uncommercial neighbors must
appear not less impolitic than it is
unfair
since it would stimulate the injured
party by resentment as well as interest
to resort to less convenient channels
for their foreign trade
but the mild voice of reason pleading
the cause of an enlarged and permanent
interest
is but too often drowned before public
bodies as well as individuals by the
clamors of an impatient ability for
immediate and immoderate gain
the necessity of a superintending
authority over the reciprocal trade of
confederated states has been illustrated
by other examples as well as our own
in switzerland where the union is so
very slight each canton is obliged to
allow to merchandise as a passage
through its jurisdiction into other
cantons without an augmentation of the
tolls
in germany it is a law of the empire
that the princes and states shall not
lay tolls or customs on bridges rivers
or passages without the consent of the
emperor and the diet
though it appears from a quotation in an
antecedent paper that the practice in
this
as in many other instances in that
confederacy has not followed the law
and has produced there the mischiefs
which have been foreseen here
among the restraints imposed by the
union of the netherlands on its members
one is
that they shall not establish imposts
disadvantageous to their neighbors
without the general permission
the regulation of commerce with the
indian tribes is very properly
unfettered from two limitations in the
articles of confederation which render
the provision obscure and contradictory
the power is there restrained to indians
not members of any of the states
and is not to violate or infringe the
legislative right of any state within
its own limits
what description of indians are to be
deemed members of a state is not yet
settled
and has been a question of frequent
perplexity and contention in the federal
councils
and how the trade with indians though
not members of a state yet residing
within its legislative jurisdiction
can be regulated by an external
authority without so far intruding on
the internal rights of legislation is
absolutely incomprehensible
this is not the only case in which the
articles of confederation have
inconsiderately endeavored to accomplish
impossibilities
to reconcile a partial sovereignty in
the union with complete sovereignty in
the states
to subvert a mathematical axiom by
taking away a part and letting the whole
remain
all that need be remarked on the power
to coin money regulate the value thereof
and of foreign coin is
that by providing for this last case the
constitution has supplied a material
omission in the articles of
confederation
the authority of the existing congress
is restrained to the regulation of coins
struck by their own authority
or that of their respective states it
must be seen at once that the proposed
uniformity and the value of the current
coin might be destroyed by subjecting
that of foreign coin to the different
regulations of the different states
the punishment of counterfeiting the
public securities as well as the current
coin
is submitted of course to that authority
which is to secure the value of both
the regulation of weights and measures
is transferred from the articles of
confederation
and is founded on like considerations
with the preceding power of regulating
coin
the dissimilarity in the rules of
naturalization has long been remarked as
a fault in our system and is laying a
foundation for intricate and delicate
questions
in the fourth article of the
confederation it is declared that the
free inhabitants of each of these states
poppers vagabonds and fugitives from
justice accepted
shall be entitled to all privileges and
immunities of free citizens in the
several states
and the people of each state shall in
every other enjoy all the privileges of
trade in commerce etc
there is a confusion of language here
which is remarkable
why the terms free inhabitants are used
in one part of the article
free citizens in another and people in
another
or what was meant by super adding to all
privileges and immunities of free
citizens
all the privileges of trade and commerce
cannot easily be determined
it seems to be a construction scarcely
avoidable however that those who come
under the denomination of free
inhabitants of a state
although not citizens of such state are
entitled in every other state
to all the privileges of free citizens
of the latter
that is to greater privileges than they
may be entitled to in their own state
so that it may be in the power of a
particular state or rather every state
is laid under a necessity
not only to confer the rights of
citizenship in other states upon
any whom it may admit to such rights
within itself but upon any whom it may
allow to become inhabitants within its
jurisdiction
but were in exposition of the term
inhabitants to be admitted which would
confine the stipulated privileges to
citizens alone
the difficulty is diminished only not
removed
the very improper power would still be
retained by each state of naturalizing
aliens in every other state
in one state residence for a short term
confirms all the rights of citizenship
in another qualifications of greater
importance are required
an alien therefore legally incapacitated
for certain rights in the latter may by
previous residents only in the former
elude his incapacity and thus the law of
one state be preposterously rendered
paramount to the law of another within
the jurisdiction of the other
we owe it to mere casualty that very
serious embarrassments on this subject
have been hitherto escaped
by the law of several states certain
descriptions of aliens who had rendered
themselves obnoxious
were laid under interdicts inconsistent
not only with the rights of citizenship
but with the privilege of residence
what would have been the consequence if
such persons by residents or otherwise
had acquired the character of citizens
under the laws of another state
and then asserted their rights as such
both to residents and citizenship within
the state prescribing them
whatever the legal consequences might
have been other consequences would
probably have resulted of too serious in
nature not to be provided against
the new constitution has accordingly
with great propriety made provision
against them
and all others proceeding from the
defect of the confederation on this head
by authorizing the general government to
establish a uniform rule of
naturalization throughout the united
states
the power of establishing uniform laws
of bankruptcy is so intimately connected
with the regulation of commerce and will
prevent so many frauds where the parties
of their property may lie or be removed
into different states
that the expediency of it seems not
likely to be drawn into question
the power of prescribing by general laws
the manner in which the public acts
records and judicial proceedings of each
state shall be proved and the effect
they shall have in other states
is an evident and valuable improvement
on the clause relating to this subject
in the articles of confederation
the meaning of the latter is extremely
indeterminate and can be of little
importance under any interpretation
which it will bear
the power here established may be
rendered a very convenient instrument of
justice and be particularly beneficial
on the borders of contiguous states
where the effects liable to justice may
be suddenly and secretly translated
in any stage of the process within a
foreign jurisdiction
the power of establishing post roads
must in every view be a harmless power
and may perhaps by judicious management
become productive of great public
conveniency
nothing which tends to facilitate the
intercourse between the states can be
deemed unworthy of the public care
publius